docs(configuration): add environment variables (#2033)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/configuration/index.md

  url: "http://localhost:8080/"
```

Injecting OS environment variables is also a possible way to configure Kestra. These environment variables take precedence over configuration files that have been loaded.

> To populate an environment variable with the right property, replace any special character with `_` (underscore). Below a comprehensive table on how properties can be translated in variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To populate an environment variable with the right property, replace any special characters with `_` (underscore). Below is a comprehensive table on how properties can be translated in variables.
```

| Configuration Value | Resulting Properties                                                                                                               |
|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| MYAPP_MYSTUFF       | myapp.mystuff, myapp-mystuff                                                                                                        |
| MY_APP_MY_STUFF     | my.app.my.stuff, my.app.my-stuff, my.app-my.stuff, my.app-my-stuff,<br>my-app.my.stuff, my-app.my-stuff, my-app-my.stuff, my-app-my-stuff |

The following example shows how to replace the postgres username property from defining it in config file:

```yaml
datasources:
  postgres:
    username: kestra
```

> to environment variable:
> 
> `DATASOURCES_POSTGRES_USERNAME=kestra`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to environment variable: `DATASOURCES_POSTGRES_USERNAME=kestra`
```
